# Cinema Planet - Movie Booking Website

Cinema Planet is the name of the make-believe company in my project. The company is a cinema chain that currently has three cinemas located in the UK. Like other cinemas, it functions by showing the latest, most popular movies. The Cinema Planet website aims to act as a venue for users to view the current movies available at cinema by naviagating through a movie menu. Users can also see information about the particular movies and are able to find the closest cinema to them via the implemented Google Maps API. Users are able to check upcoming showings for each movie and can even make a booking. After making a booking, the user has access to full CRUD functionality, being able to see their active bookings, edit them and delete them. Consequently, the Cinema Planet website gives the user full control over their bookings and acts as an alternative method to the traditional methods of booking cinema tickets, such as by physically visiting the cinema or calling the cinema by telephone. With the almost instant nature of booking online, as well as the easy control over bookings, the website provides the user with a superior user experience and thus represents an advantage for companies in a competitive market. 

The target audience for this project would include, but is not limited to, movie and cinema lovers. These people act as a prime customer for Cinema Planet as they would love the service provided by the cinema and its website. By making an optimal user experience on the website, and coupling it with adequate quality cinemas, it is likely that this demographic would be regular, recurrent customers. In addition, people that don't usually go to the cinema but perhaps occasionally want to visit would be more likely to visit the cinema if the booking system is simple. Thus, the Cinema Planet website appeals to a large audience.